chore(#179): update readme and sample settings file (#9424)
medic/cht-core: tests/performance/apdex-score/README.md

## Setup

#### Prerequisites

> Before continuing with the setup steps below, ensure you have a cht instance deployed and running either locally or globally - check out the [documentation](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/contribute/code/core/dev-environment/) on how to do this.

Reviewer: This one will not work because if you use the development setup you will have an instance that doesn't contain the certificates, so you will not be able to access it through the phone. I am sorry, this was my suggestion and I completely forgot about it. 
Please change the link to point to the [docker-helper](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/hosting/4.x/app-developer/) instructions, that instance will be accessible from the phone using the correct ip address and not the local one (`127.0.0.1`)

Author: sure thanks

Finally, ensure you have done the following installations on your machine:

1. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download) and [Java JDK](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/) then ensure JAVA_HOME path is correctly set up.
      ```
      export JAVA_HOME=$(/usr/libexec/java_home)
      ```
2. Install and Set-up [Android studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/install) and the `adb tool` to enable you run adb commands.
   - Add the Android SDK directory to your system’s ANDROID_HOME environment variable.
     ```
      export ANDROID_HOME="/Users/yourpath/Library/Android/sdk/"
      export PATH=$ANDROID_HOME/platform-tools:$PATH
      export PATH=$ANDROID_HOME/tools:$PATH
     ```
   - To set up an Android Virtual Device (AVD), open Android Studio, click on the More Actions > Virtual Device Manager button, and proceed with the virtual device creation by selecting the hardware and system image.
3. Install appium and appium doctor.
   ```
   npm install -g appium@next
   npm install -g appium-doctor
   ```
4. Install appium driver - `appium driver install uiautomator2`

> If you do not have the CHT Android app already installed on your mobile device, you can download the preferred [apk version](https://github.com/medic/cht-android/releases) and then set the path to the file as the value for `appPath` in the capabilities section of the settings file.

Author: @tatilepizs if you already have the app installed you can either remove the `appPath` key or add an empty string value
And for a new apk you don't necessarily need to put the file inside the `cht-core` folder it can be anywhere on your machine - you just need to specify the absolute path to the file since it's outside the project

</details>

> 4. Set the environment variable `APDEX_TEST_SETTINGS` with the path of your settings file (apdex-settings.json).
>     ```
>     export APDEX_TEST_SETTINGS=/Users/pepe/Documents/apdex-settings.json
>     ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Set the environment variable `APDEX_TEST_SETTINGS` with the path of your settings file (`apdex-settings.json`). For example, you can use the following command (make sure to replace the path with your actual settings file location):
    ```
    export APDEX_TEST_SETTINGS=/Users/pepe/Documents/apdex-settings.json
    ```
```

   - Ensure the `apdex-settings.json` file has been updated with the correct instance url, login credentials and assertion texts for page navigation, forms and other app interactions.
   - Under the skip section of the settings file, set `true` for the tests you want to skip and `false` for those you want to execute.

>    - Update the fields for `platformVersion` and `deviceName` to match the value for your device.

Reviewer: What about the `appPath`? If the app is already installed on the phone can we use that app or do we need a phone that doesn't have an app installed to install it using that apk? That information should be in the prerequisites section and here you should specify where you can find an apk - you can use [the link to the cht-android releases](https://github.com/medic/cht-android/releases) for example

</details>

4. Set the environment variable `APDEX_TEST_SETTINGS` with the path of your settings file (apdex-settings.json). 
    For example, you can use the following command but make sure to replace the path with your actual settings file location:
    ```
    export APDEX_TEST_SETTINGS=/Users/pepe/Documents/apdex-settings.json
    ```

>    - Ensure the `apdex-settings.json` file has been updated with the correct instance url, login credentials and assertion texts for page navigation, forms and other app interactions.

Reviewer 2: Can you please provide more clarity about the test data? The assertion texts should correspond to the data in your instance.
